Reorganization of the "Configuring Che" chapter. (#1268)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/overview/proc_installing-che-using-the-che-operator-in-openshift-4-web-console.adoc

. Click the *Create Instance* link in *Provided APIs* section.

> . The *Create CheCluster* page contains the configuration of the {prod-short} cluster to create. It is a YAML document describing the `CheCluster` Custom Resource to create. For an installation using the default configuration, keep the default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The *Create CheCluster* page contains the configuration of the overall {prod-short} installation to create. It is a YAML fragment describing the `CheCluster` Custom Resource to create. For an installation using the default configuration, keep the default values.
```
